# COVID-19-Contact-Tracing
As of late, the COVID-19 pandemic made an overall crisis as it is assessed that a particularly number of diseases are because of human-to-human transmission of the COVID-19. As a need, there is a need to follow client who interacted with client having travel history, asymptomatic and not yet suggestive, however they can be later on. Along these lines, this work proposes an answer for contact following dependent on GPS and distributed computing innovations. An application is created to gather every client's GPS arranges once all the clients introduce this application. This application occasionally sends GPS information (organizes) to the Cloud. To figure out which gadgets are inside the reasonable furthest reaches of 5m (tunable boundary), we perform grouping over GPS organizes and track the bunches for about t mins (tunable boundary) to permit the proportion of spread. We expect that it takes around 3-5 mins to get the infection from a tainted item. For grouping, the proposed M-way like tree information structure stores the GPS facilitates in degree, moment, and second (DMS) design. Hence, every client is planned to a leaf hub of the tree. The core of the arrangement lies at the leaf hub. We split the 'seconds' part of the GPS area into m equivalent parts (a tunable boundary), which add up to d meter in scope/longitude. Henceforth, two clients who are inside d meter reach will guide to a similar leaf hub. In this manner, by planning GPS areas each t mins (normally t = 2.5 mins), we can discover the number of clients interacted with a specific client for in any event t mins. Our work's notable component is that it runs in straight time O(n) for n clients in the static case, i.e., when clients are not moving. We additionally propose a variation of our answer for handle the powerful case, that is, when clients are moving. Also, the proposed arrangement offers potential area of interest recognition and safe-course suggestion as an extra component, and verification of-idea is introduced through investigates recreated information of 2/4/6/8/10M clients.
